Stop, what are you following? I'm looking for Emperor Dong
What are you doing with Emperor Dong?
Find some money to save you
Still want to ask Dong Huang for money?
Are you a wind person?
What is the identity of Emperor Dong?
Is it something you can see casually?
Could you please stop being so mean-spirited?
I just don't have time to change into something really rich.
But my mother has a lot of background
Does your mother have a background?
Get out of here, get out of here, get out of here!
Come on, what are these?
I don’t know where such an old person comes from?
Since you are asking the emperor for money, why don't you drive him out quickly?
He looked for Dong Huang’s long curved shoes
Is this calling a class?
We still won’t do the crime for you
In faith, you are guilty of seeking trust.
I don’t care if you’re full
I really didn't lie to you
My mother gave me three notes
Yesterday I came to look for Dong Huang's long curved shoes
I don’t see you guys looking at this
You said it's a trend, right?
Take such a piece of shit
Now that I'm in a hurry to put on my shoe,
I don’t know if it was her mother who became popular or she became popular.
It's not called shoes, right?
My family doesn’t know and I can’t even ask for it.